well in a matter of a few was Kareena
Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan will finally
say I do hand
as close friends of the couple arrived
to step up the volume at the Sangeet it
was also a milestone as certain warring
factions of the Kapoor Khan Don finally
kissed and made up after months of
speculation will they or won't there
well they are the hero in antenna Bob's
wedding festivities began in true royal
style the first of the many private
functions began with us indeed at
Karina's Bandra residence the bride to
be looking for splint linton and orange
lanka and pulled chole designed by a
friend manish malhotra was escorted by
post f ali khan in a white kurta pyjama
in attendance apart from clothes filmy
friends chef's daughter sarah from his
marriage to Amrita Singh to was present
for the ceremony along with aunts Saba
and so ha
but it was also the occasion to mint
family ties the presence of art me to
sing at the sahith spoke volumes
finally a truce between the two warring
kaput posed Karina and Christmas mother
Babita with sister-in-law meto seem to
be over if we were to remind back to eat
years ago to another wedding when Karina
sister Karishma got married Neetu Singh
and her children Rodina and when we'd
were both not invited for any functional
Babita and her daughters were paid back
in kind by not being invited for me to
his daughter Redeemers wedding in 2006
but the tide turned with Randy's debut
in 2007 cousin Karina's presence at the
premiere was a small step towards peace
in the Caputo war zone and as the
youngest kapoor on the block gave one
box-office hit after the other he'd not
only made the kapoor name shine bright
but extended an olive branch to his two
estranged cousins charisma and Farina
from acknowledging them publicly and
playing the protective brother as and
when to the extent now both Kareena and
Ranveer seemed open to play vibe ahem on
screen together if given the opportunity
so as the Kapoor's open another chapter
of all about love in your family all he
can say is behind photo essa
in there's number one music but just not
even better download any TVs new have
fully optimized for Retina display
full screen view
faster response time
and said oh cool
NDTV's new ipad album download now